apps: fluentd ignore own logs and set type of keys (#999)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Patched Falco rules for  `write_etc_common` , `Launch Package Management Process in Container` , `falco_privileged_images` & `falco_sensitive_mount_containers`. Will be removed if upstream Falco Chart accepts these.
- Improved error handling for applying manifests in wc deploy script
- `kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager` is configured to have 2 replicas to increase stability and make it highly available.

> - Fluentd ignore its own logs. Fixes the issue when Fluentd failed to push to OpenSearch and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fluentd no longer tails its own container log. Fixes the issue when Fluentd failed to push to OpenSearch and
```
